ruby-magic (0.2.0)

  * Fixed formatting and white spaces.
  * Added Gemnasium, plus Coveralls and Code Climate integration (and hence improved
    code test coverage).
  * Fixed Travis CI build against Rubinius.
  * Re-factored the API and cleaned up small portions of code and documentation.
  * Retired support for Ruby 1.8.x (no support for MRI, Ruby Enterprise Edition and Rubinius).
  * Added functionality to handle releasing the GVL for any file and/or I/O operations.
  * Added ability to Magic#flags_array to return name of each flag that is set.
  * Changed Magic#version_array and Magic#version_string methods to be a singleton methods.
  * Renamed the Magic#flags_array method to Magic#flags_to_a.
  * Retired testing with Ruby 1.9.2 and 2.1.0, and added 2.2.0 on Travis CI.
  * Added naïve synchronization via Mutex#lock and Mutex#unlock methods to make interactions
    with libmagic more thread-safe.
  * Changed the Magic::new method, so that it accepts an array of paths from which to load
    the Magic database.
  * Fixed setting of global errno value to avoid race conditions.
  * Added ability for Travis CI test against multiple versions of vanilla libmagic.
  * Added LLVM (clang) compiler to build with to Travis CI, and fixed various issues reported
    by clang compiler during build-time.
  * Added ability for Magic#load to take nil as valid argument.
  * Fixed issue with libmagic's regular expression (regex) library not working with UTF-8 (or
    any other wide-character encoding).
  * Fixed build to make it work with C++ compilers.
  * Added support for the MAGIC_CONTINUE flag so that Magic#file, Magic#buffer and
    Magic#descriptor methods will return an array for multiple results when appropriate.
  * Moved integration with File and String core classes into separate namespace.
  * Removed forward declaration of errno as it's not needed on systems with modern C/C++
    libraries and compilers.
  * Added rudimentary Vagrantfile that can be used to build a development environment.
  * Removed the "-Wl,--no-undefined" option from LDFLAGS, as they might break on some systems.
  * Fixed any C90 standard related build-time warnings.
  * Changed the behaviour not to catch the generic Magic::Error, plus always to raise on errors
    coming from libmagic. This is to make it more aligned with the standard library, where file
    and I/O related errors would raise an appropriate exception.
  * Fixed version number to comply with Semantic Versioning 2 (http://semver.org/).
  * Added the Guard Ruby gem for convenience, with an appropriate Guardfile.
  * Changed behaviour consistent among various versions of libmagic adhering to the POSIX
    standard. This concerns the following IEEE 1003.1 standards:
    - http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/007904975/utilities/file.html
    - http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/file.html

-- Krzysztof Wilczynski <krzysztof.wilczynski@linux.com>  Wed, 25 Mar 2015 23:27:00 +0000

ruby-magic (0.0.1)

  * First version.

-- Krzysztof Wilczynski <krzysztof.wilczynski@linux.com>  Fri, 21 Mar 2014 16:49:26 +0000
